Snapshots Explains
 
If git is present on system, a new button will appears on RaySession at the left of the server status bar, with a "rewind" icon.

Now, the principle:
Snapshots ARE NOT backups.
Snapshots will ignore many types of files with their extension (including .wav, .flac ...), and for security files bigger than 50Mb.
This limit of 50Mb is not adjustable for the moment, maybe it should (per session? globally ?), I consider for now it's useless, maybe I am wrong. 

If the auto-snapshot option is checked, a snapshot will be taken each time the session is saved, and you will see the server status saying 'snapshot' after 'save'.
If at one point, user decides that his last works on the session were useless, he can rewind the session to a previous snapshot.
For this, he will click on the "rewind" button (at the left of the server status bar) and follow instructions.

If a snapshot is long to take (>2s), a dialog window with a progress bar will appears.
User can safely abort snapshot, and then auto-snapshot will be disabled for this session.

If taking a snapshot is long, there is certainly a client software which uses many files with an unignored extension.
If this file extension is globally not used by another software, then this extension should be added to the list of extensions globally ignored.

There is also the possibility to manage ignored and unignored extensions per client, in client properties window.
The edit line "Snapshots Ignored Extensions" contains all ignored extensions, including all globally ignored extensions.
By default, this line will only contains globally ignored extensions.

You can also return to a previous snapshot one client only in client context menu.

For your information, snapshots are saved in the session directory in the hidden folder .ray-snapshots which is the same as would be a .git folder in a git project.

Obviously, duplicate or save as template a session doesn't copy session's historization. It would not make sense.

Auto-snapshot is enabled by default (if git is present).
